The first steps in booting the system is the boot manager and
the bootloader.  For both these steps I have choosen SYSLINUX,
because, frankly, I abhor GRUB. Additionally GRUB is said
(I have not checked) to not be fitted for booting installations
mediums, something SYSLINUX is fitted for. Choosing SYSLINUX as
the default means that the same program can be used both for
the installation medium and an installed system, independently
what it is stored on.

For the initialisation process I have choosen a system similar
to that of Arch Linux before systemd, but improved in some
aspects.

The default runlevel is set to runlevel 3. The definied
runlevels are:

    0     Shutdown
    1(S)  Single-user (system maintainance)
    2     Networkless single-user
    3     Multi-user (regular boot with console, which can start graphics)
    4     Networkless multi-user
    5     Multi-user with display manager (regular boot with graphics)
    6     Reboot

I have choosen sysvinit with rc scripts over systemd because:

    systemd fails on some machine (an initial reason that I think have been fix)
    
    systemd uses C instead of a scripts language:
    
        Scripts are easier to understand, especially if you do not know any language.

	C is more difficult to maintain because if its low-level nature.

	     More code does not mean it is better, it general means the opposite!

	C is more error-prone because if its low-level nature.
	
    systemd tries to solve everything itself
    
    systemd does things, even dangerous things, that has nothing to do with initialisation
    
    systemd uses more memory doing nothing more then sysvinit
    
    systemd thinks that the overhead of Bash is a problem:
    
    	systemd does executive (CPU) work and not laborer (GPU) work,
	overhead does not matter, only time complexity does.

	    Some say that OpenRC (Gentoo's alternative that uses sysvinit)
	    is actually faster. And I do beleave them and that it is
	    generally true.
	
	Only portable devices are booted often, and even then the
	boot times not not that long. The verification of my partition
	encryption passphrases are longer.
	
    Everything should be in plain UTF-8, systemd logs are in binary
    
    systemd thinks there is some huge dependency hell between daemons,
    there is not. Basically only the display manager needs to be started
    after it prerequisites, everthing else can be started in parallel.
    
    systemd combines mechanism and policy.
        (Be aware that the authors of systemd seem to ignore that
	you choose your policy for sysvinit, when comparing them.)
    
    systemd uses DBus
    
    systemd thinks it is superior becuase it does everyting itself, it is
    inferior because it is much harder to replace a part of it you do not like
    
    systemd have specific dependency without general interest
    
    systemd authors thinks that making systems dependent on systemd is desirable
    
    systemd is not portable
    
    Those that do not understand sysvinit are doomed to reinvent it, poorly.

